hey guys this is Sparky three four and
we're a first row box team a Tucker high
school in Virginia in the United States
and today we will show you how to make
simple marshmallow structures they're
really easy to make and you can make so
many different structures with them the
materials you'll need are marshmallows
and toothpicks first I'm going to show
you how to make a house it's very easy
to make first you see make a cube very
simple cube if you can never make it
to be able to make this cube you won't
eat eight marshmallows and eight
toothpicks
chocolate
if you make your cube all you have to do
is take four toothpicks put them on top
and then connect all four of them with
one marshmallow to make a pyramid next
we will make a pyramid to be able make
it you need five marshmallows and eight
toothpicks first to make it you will
need a simple square you'll make that by
taking four toothpicks in four
marshmallows
next like we did with the houses we'll
take four toothpicks put them on top
and then we'll connect it with one
marshmallow
next we will show you how to make a
robot you're going to need five large
marshmallows for small marshmallows and
eleven to picks start off with will take
three large marshmallows and put two
toothpicks into each of them
mm-hmm
next we're going to take another large
marshmallow and connect each of these
other marsh balls to it kinda like with
the house the pyramid
after this we will put another two
toothpicks onto the top of this body
we'll put another large marshmallon the
top and then and then on the body we'll
put two toothpicks on to each individual
side put a small marshmallow on the end
of them
now take a whole toothpick and break it
in half
then set them in to the head
put an individual marshmallow onto each
individual one
there you have it a robot now how to
make these simple structures search
experiments and make even more
complicated structures if you want to
see you more hands on activities go to
our Channel and check out our other
videos